Harrison/quick start (#12491)
langchain-ai/langchain: templates/README.md

langchain start
```

> This now gives a fully deployed LangServe application.

Reviewer: It's local, so not sure we should call it fully deployed?

For example, you get a playground out-of-the-box at [http://127.0.0.1:8000/pirate_speak/playground/](http://127.0.0.1:8000/pirate_speak/playground/):

![playground.png](docs/playground.png)

> You also get API documentation at [http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs](http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs)

Reviewer: Document
```suggestion
Access API documentation at [http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs](http://127.0.0.1:8000/docs)
```

![docs.png](docs/docs.png)

> You can also use the LangServe SDK to easily interact with the API endpoint as if it was another [Runnable](https://python.langchain.com/docs/expression_language/) object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the LangServe python or js SDK to interact with the API as if it were a regular [Runnable](https://python.langchain.com/docs/expression_language/).
```

```python
from langserve import RemoteRunnable

api = RemoteRunnable("http://127.0.0.1:8000/pirate_speak")
api.invoke({"text": "hi"})
```

That's it for the quick start!

> You have successfully downloaded your first template and deployed it with LangServe.

Reviewer: Server is local, so not sure we should call it deployed

> See below for more other resources and things you can do.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Other Resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Additional Resources
```
